All right, so now that we have everything set up, let's go ahead and test the waters and see if we
can at least write something to our cloud firestorm.
So first of all, we need to go back to our console.
So we should probably be somewhere here.
And what you need to go wanting to do is to the left.
Let's go and find a fire store database.
This is what we need and we need to enable it in order to get started somewhere.
I would say create a database.
And in this case, just let's start with in the start in test mode, because that's what we're doing.
And I say next and then here, I'm going to just keep as it is right here.
I mean, I'm in the U.S. so if you are somewhere else in the world, just find the one that is closer
to you, right?
Toggle one of these.
OK, so you are in Europe, you got a few.
So I'm going to just use my U.S. centralized search and say, enable.
So what this will do is going to provision cloud firestorm.
So we were able then to call it and add and delete and get information from our database.
So it may take a few seconds.
Once you do that, you can see now we have the Cloudflare store data.
This is where our database will be.
Let's go ahead and see if we can actually add some data to I want you to be so create a little database
and add some information.
So here I'm gonna say file db, right?
Right.
Invoke the Firebase.
This is good.
That means things are working perfectly with added all the dependencies because we're able to see these
classes there.
So Firebase Fire Store, I say get instance like that and then wants to have that instance here.
I'm going to let's start by creating a user and save file user.
I'm going to use a mutable map, such as there to be a string as the key and any for the value and equal
hash map, i s..
Then we're going to add some data into our immutable map and say user for the key I'm going to have.
Let's see first.
Name such and the vile, you can say.
Joe, neither here, let's say last name.
James, like that, OK, we can add more of key value pairs into our user mutable map there.
Remember mutable map or in hash map in this case is what it's needed.
That's the type that is required to pass data onto our forest or their base.
Right.
So once we have that, then we can use our DB reference and say, Dot, we need to create a collections.
A collection would be something like a table, and we don't have any collection.
We're going to create that collection by passing a path here.
So users.
Right?
And then I'm going to attach the add.
I can see this ad allows us to pass data could be any type, but usually you want to pass immutable
map or hash map and going to pass our user.
OK?
And then I'm going to attach the add on to access listener.
So if there something happens.
So in this case here, I'm just going to say log D. And let's just say this is going to be F.B. for
the tag, and I'm just going to pass the EITI because we have this idea as a document reference, which
should have information about the document that we've just added.
And I'm going to get the ID like that on failure.
They add on failure listener going do the same thing, except now we have the I.T. just like that.
OK, and let's move all of these inside right there, and let's go ahead and run.
So if all goes well, we should be able to see.
First of all, everything ran.
Let's go ahead and Logcat.
And you can see there go, we have added one user, Go back here.
Let's go and refresh.
And voila, can see there is first named Jill should be Joe, but it's OK.
Less name James, so things are working.
We're able to create a collection and then add a document to this case key value pair, first name and
last name, and so forth.
Ideally, we could have added more key value pairs here, but this this is fine.
So all is good.
Always working.